
Standard - Click "add break" - do nothing 

Hi Rich, 

Update for March 3, 2017
1. Standard - Accept post request from server via ajax request, this will allow generate break
2. Standard - Before saving to database seriazlized break post data first and prepare to insert database  
3. Standard - Change time - get all date via ajax and update with parameter - user_id, date, post value - done  
4. Standard - set js to call on change break auto save data - done 
5. Standard - change break add loading - done 
6. Standard - update parameters and content js to adopt standard with custom
7. Standard - allow dynamic add new break, with functions already to auto save when dropdown change for time break
 
Todo tomorrow


Hi Rich,

Update for March 14, 2017
standard - set load from standard database 
standard - get all the break saved to database and un-serialized
standard - compose to match the current code for break in order to display properly
standard - check break id how we can set to match our standard values and functions from custom, i think this works with delete in real-time
standard - when standard page loader, it should show the saved breaks for standard automatically




Update March 15, 2017 
1. Custom - Allow when update break then delete current breaks and insert new breaks to custom settings database
2. Custom - Change dropdown break, will auto update content breaks
3. Custom - Every-time select break time and change it needs to be updated in database
4. Custom - Break delete should auto update database
5. Custom - Adding new break should show loading icon before new break design show up 
6. Custom - Remove call delay "days"    
7. Custom and Standard merge: when custom using standard values for custom view closed need to be checked if standard closed it.
8. Custom and standard merge: validate, populate by schedule
 
Todo tomorrow


Hi Rich 

Update for March 17, 2017
1. Custom and standard merge: validate, populate by break with standard value if no custom -> done
2. Custom and standard merge: validate, populate for call back delay with standard value if no custom set -> done
3. Custom and standard merge: validate, populate for call back length with standard value if no custom set -> done
5. Remove "Book Exact Time" and "Book Time Of Day" in custom url -> done  
4. Standard: moving between this  "Book Exact Time" and "Book Time Of Day" radio button can cause loading custom values instead of standard values for Book Exact Time -> done 
5. Custom: Change close to closed.
6. Add callback length plugin dashboard help notes
7. Add callback delay plugin dashboard help notes


Todo tomorrow
1. Figure out and fix google calendar forever loading
2. google calendar look
3. site footer issue
4. code new data in bpc site
5. etc..



Todo for March 16, 2017 
Custom and standard merge

 

Thanks 

Standard - Delete - get all date via ajax and update with parameter - user_id, date, post value 
 
Custom - when custom page loaded then check custom mon - sun schedule in the database and if now found saved data then use the standard data
Standard - Load schedule open dates 
Standard - Load schedule closed dates 
Standard - Load callback delay and call back length
Standard - Load break - this will only allow data to display and when partner do the saving that should point to custom database

 















Update for Jan 5, 2017

1. create database and table migration
2. add carbon date
3. add js, jquery, angular, font, bootstrap, css and custom js files from online
5. front end - allow close 1 or multiple row
6. close add text "Closed All Day"
7. allow closed open again and delete text "Closed All Day"
8. add dropdown hour an min
9. allow select "book exact time and book time day via ajax and get request"
10. add loading when change book exact time .... and book time ..... and change date
11. add sorting of date if select jan 1, 2017 then display 1 - 7 days of jan 2017
12. when page loaded set default "book exact tim" display
13. when ticket checkbox "close all day" set disable dropdown time and checkbox for morning, noon and evening


Continue this schedule calendar tomorrow.




Hi Rich,

Update for Jan 6, 2017

allow ajax handle save and update of schedule data
add form to the calendar schedule this will handle the submition of data via ajax
remove sleep time interval for response display
in save and update data file include  main wordpress functionality
create class query for wordpress database main api
create class files for specific plugin database functionality
filter all sent request data from ajax, get specific data and filter specific data, values and etc...
check if open from then store data to a variable and if open to then start the update variable storage
allow insert data after filter, allow update data if already exist
add form field names to schedule files, 2 files
each form make name of the fields as array


I got road blocks in insert and update of schedule due to data complexity and i just fixed it.

Continue this tomorrow.

Thanks


Hi Rich, here are the update for today and todo by monday

Update for Jan 6, 2017
1. able to update
2. able to save book time of day
3. able to update book time of day
4. when ajax is loaded default values should set in checkbox or dropdown
5. add insert or update functionality in class
6. auto generate dropdown for callback lenght and callback delay
7. set values initialized
8. remove extra text in the header
9. add default values for option schedule type
10. set base ajax request to display either of Book Exact Time or Book Time Of Day


Update for Jan 9, 2017
1. make datepicker to select weekly not each day because display is weekly - d
2. if select date update the Book Exact Time and Book Time Of Day will be updated and set default value to time of day and .... - d
3. if select Exact Time and Book Time Of Day then only update the content of the schedule - d
4. add correct values for call back delay and call back lenght -  d
5. if update successfully add message that says successfully updated -> d
6. test multiple users using the calendar - d
8. display current when page is loaded -  d 
9. create database creation when plugin activated - d
 


Hi Rich,

Update for Jan 10, 2017 
1. get partner id from ontraport  
2. save partner id from ontraport to plugin database   
3. if activated check if plugin table if added to database
4. change file path to adopt online plugin activation
5. upload testing server and do test   
6. add partner id retrieve and check if its saving to database, this is the basis of query in customer side  
7. test again in testing  
8. fix ui, design missed up when i uploaded to server

please check this url so that you can test adding schedules
http://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/phone-appointment-settings

Todo Jan 11, 2017
 
Google / Apple Calendar Integration

Set default values with open from is 9:00 - 5:30pm - 10min
Get google calendar events - 10mins
filter events start date, end date and summary -
validate if event start and end date is between 9:00 - 5:30pm or  9:00 to 17:30 return true or false
if its event between 9:00 - 5:30 pm then set specific date as "close all day" else if not then set 9:00 - 5:30pm
if google calendar integrated then just put a message something "google calendar authenticated"
if not authenticated with google calendar display button to allow partner click it and when click sync it with their google calendar
put something integration message above as a title
check phone settings if its sync google callendar works fine
install personal-profile plugin to portal with marvin
discuss with floyd about letter tool
setup api for testing in console developer
update code and do testing integration with google calendar
create a function that will get the time busy from and busy to
create a function that will get the time available from and available to
automatic close holiday in the partner calendar when sync from google calendar
need to create hours for busy


Update for 14, 2017
Set default values with open from is 9:00 - 5:30pm
Get google calendar events
filter date for specific event
filter time start for specific event
filter time end for specific event
filter description of the events for specific event
separate to a function class with result of the google authentication
set query of google calendar datetime today when authenticated
check if the event time start and end conflict with the open call back.
allow to show button "connect google calendar" if not authenticated
if expired authentication with google calendar allow to automatic refresh token

Todo by  Jan 16, 2017

Add slot for busy in partner's calendar
Continue with google calendar sync


Update for Jan 18, 2017
1. install plugin to new installed fresh wordpress install
2. activate plugin and check if created table phone call settings and phone call breaks
3. if exist settings then get id and insert break from and break to
4. create database table for plugin to activate auto create table
5. fix error when phone call settings not exist then auto create phone call settings - this show an error need to fix
6. upload to server for testing
7. google integration for break time
8. debug google calendar and get all break time
9. check if specific date google calendar exist in book phone call schedule
10. if exist then get id and do insert breaks based on the results from google calendar
11. if not then insert new phone settings and add default values
12. Integration with google calendar and adding manula breaks done - just need to upload tomorrow because it has many files to upload estimate 4k+
13. Provide access to mj with partner calendar database
14. login with partner and play here http://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/phone-appointment-settings/


Hi Rich, 
Todo 19, 2017 
1. Upload all the codes of google calendar api 
2. Setup console google developer for Auth with google calendar
3. set google calendar authentication call back path return correct testing url
4. Do testing with google sync break and fix ui
5. discuss with mj about call back delay and call back length
6. add text and update ui with fb login
7. Fix Fb login in text in book phone call
8. Add fb login go to step 3 after authenticated successfully   
9. please check google calendar sync here http://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/google-calendar-settings 

Todo 20, 2017 
1. Check again with google calendar sync and review doc and do testing if found issue then start fixing it.
2. Continue reading with the doc if there are some remaining tasks and if there is a review then continue with the reviews  
3. get all holidays and include make it close in a day or include it in a break
4. Question: if user already authenticated to google calendar then everytime they logged in back to portal, their google calendar needs to sync always?  

Thanks.



Hi Rich,

Update for today Jan 20, 2017

 1. Create database for google caledar api athentication this way we can set user authenticated even he logsout and comeback
 2. Allow auto open new window when google calendar access token is expired
 3. When visit phone appointment settings auto refresh tocken via popup show in separate page
 4. instead of session token change to insert to database and unset session and get tocken from database
 5. add buttons and text messages, depends on status and response
 6. connect user to its the api google calendar database
 7. Allow disconnect with google calendar and allow reconnect again
 8. get data from user api and used with authentication
 9 fix spelling
 10. if connected to google calendar and when user refresh the phone appointment settings page then google calendar should auto sync to portal calendar database

 You can do testing again with the calendar now and sync


Todo for 23, 2017
Fix Some ui issue in testing phone appointment settings and google calendar settings
Fb login ui and data in bpc site
Fb login not saving fix the issue
Fb login redirect after success fix issue
Fb login auto fill and proceed next step
read new updates and documentation

Thanks,




Hi Rich,

Update for March 8, 2017

Custom Opening Hours moved to "/custom-opening-hours" page
Add short code for custom page
Add code under short code for custom pages function
In standard date remove the 1st march and so on...
Work with new specs and understanding how it works
Remove calendar in standard page
Separate query to show schedules with standard and custom in via js
Allow reload page display schedule in custom and standard in realtime

Todo tomorrow, continue with bpc updates


Hi Rich,

Update for march 8, 2017

1. Create map diagram for standard because it needs to be separated database and i to do coding in this part because standard is another functions of the bpc
2. In standard set saturday and sunday with closed status as default settings
3. Create database table for bpc standard settings
4. Fix background color select in calendar pbc
5. Set time in standard from 9-5:30pm as default time and can be applied to custom
6. Fix js load with data
--------------------------------------------------
Todo Tomorrow, continue coding with bpc updates and allow insert/update standard settings via partner end side
and allow break added when update and remove when deleted, before save break it should be in serialize
so that our database can read it and save to db success



Hi Rich,

Update for march

I'm focused with functions for now, separate from standard from custom.

1. remove callback delay "days" dropdown
2. Rearrange files, database and classes to work with standard
3. Load data connected to the database standard
4. Allow to select first the standard data and check if partner id is exist
5. When partner id is already exist in standard then allow update data, mon-sun and with close or open status
6. When partner id is not exist in standard then allow Insert date, mon-sun and with close or open status
7. When hit save button then it should save to standard database from the specific path to separate from custom
8. Fix the reputation radar with site rating management - got roadblock with this but its fixed now
http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar-partners-agent


Tomorrow, Continue Standard functions

Thanks



 

 Hi Rich,  

Update for  March 11, 2017

Standard tasks: set default values fro open from
Standard tasks: set default values fro open to
Standard tasks: set default values fro close
Standard tasks:allow add content if no array value found, this will allow data refresh first before insert
Standard tasks: Fix call back length and call back display
Standard tasks: Display current request and print as human visible array
Standard tasks: Check if current partner has already saved standard schedule to database
Standard tasks: Compose parameter parameter and prepare to insert
Standard tasks: Add business day close, this will help allow clear data before update database
 
Continue standard calendar tomorrow with 
click break break - this will allow auto insert database so that automatically saved
When change values in break from, and break to then this will automatically update content in database 
etc...



